[Outlook] (1.12) Remove preview tags from event-based activation articles (#3561)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/outlook/debug-autolaunch.md

title: Debug your event-based Outlook add-in
description: Learn how to debug your Outlook add-in that implements event-based activation.
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 08/12/2022
ms.localizationpriority: medium
---

# Debug your event-based Outlook add-in

> This article provides debugging guidance as you implement [event-based activation](autolaunch.md) in your add-in. The event-based activation feature was introduced in [requirement set 1.10](/javascript/api/requirement-sets/outlook/requirement-set-1.10/outlook-requirement-set-1.10), with additional events now available in [requirement set 1.11](/javascript/api/requirement-sets/outlook/requirement-set-1.11/outlook-requirement-set-1.11) and [requirement set 1.12](/javascript/api/requirement-sets/outlook/requirement-set-1.12/outlook-requirement-set-1.12). For more information, see [Supported events](autolaunch.md#supported-events).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This article provides debugging guidance as you implement [event-based activation](autolaunch.md) in your add-in. The event-based activation feature was introduced in [requirement set 1.10](/javascript/api/requirement-sets/outlook/requirement-set-1.10/outlook-requirement-set-1.10), with additional events now available in subsequent requirement sets. For more information, see [Supported events](autolaunch.md#supported-events).
```

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > This debugging capability is only supported in Outlook on Windows with a Microsoft 365 subscription.

Author: @ElizabethSamuel-MSFT These were recently updated as part of an element formatting sweep in https://github.com/OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr/pull/3510.

> 1. Start Outlook desktop (or restart Outlook if it's already open).

Reviewer: alternative suggestion
```suggestion
1. Start Outlook on Windows, or restart Outlook if it's already open.
```

1. Go to **File** > **Open Folder**, navigate to the folder you just created, then choose **Select Folder**.
1. On the Activity Bar, select the **Debug** item (Ctrl+Shift+D).

>     ![The Debug icon on the Activity Bar.](../images/vs-code-debug.png)

Author: Thanks for the reference, @lindalu-MSFT. I used Light High Contrast in the updated screenshots, but I didn't see the gray highlight when an Activity Bar icon is selected. I did include the cursor for a bit more clarify though. Let me know if we can further improve these.
